[ML] Fix printing values for multiclass feature importance (#1144)
elastic/ml-cpp: docs/CHANGELOG.asciidoc

* Fixed background persistence of categorizer state (See {ml-pull}1137[#1137],
  issue: {ml-issue}1136[#1136].)

> * Fixed erroneous behaviour when number of classes in configuration differs from the 

Reviewer: I'd make this describe the symptom:
```suggestion
* Fix classification job failures when number of classes in configuration differs from the number of classes present in the training data. (See {ml-pull}1144[#1144].)
```
